# esx_policejob
This Version of the esx_policejob does have the most asked animations.  Attention! This script is not by me. Its edited by me for better Roleplay! :)  Requirements esx_billing esx_vehicleshop  esx_addoninventory esx_datastore esx_society  -Optional- esx_status esx_identity  -- Here is the Original Description from the script, so you dont have to search: --  Download &amp; Installation Using fivem fvm install --save --folder=esx esx-org/esx_policejob Using Git cd resources git clone https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_policejob [esx]/esx_policejob Manually Download https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_policejob/archive/master.zip Put it in the [esx] directory Installation Import esx_policejob.sql in your database Add this to your server.cfg: start esx_policejob If you want player management you have to set Config.EnablePlayerManagement to true in config.lua If you want armory management you have to set Config.EnableArmoryManagement to true in config.lua If you want license management you have to set Config.EnableLicenses to true in config.lua If you want service management you have to set Config.MaxInService to a higher value than -1 in config.lua Legal License esx_policejob - police script for ESX  Copyright (C) 2015-2020 Jérémie N'gadi  This program Is free software: you can redistribute it And/Or modify it under the terms Of the GNU General Public License As published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 Of the License, Or (at your option) any later version.  This program Is distributed In the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty Of MERCHANTABILITY Or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License For more details.  You should have received a copy Of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If Not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.   I hope you will have fun!  Cheers!
